<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<ui:composition template="/templates/site.xhtml">
  <ui:param name="sitePageTitle" value="#{msg.privacyPageTitle}" />
  <ui:define name="sitePageContent">
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageHeading" value="#{msg.privacyPageHeading}" />
    <p>At Guinea Pig Magazine we collect information about our readers for two main reasons:</p>
    <ol><li>To help us continually improve the service we offer.</li><li>To use the details of our readers to sell appropriate advertising space on the site and in the magazine, we don't want our advertisers to be putting their message in front of the wrong people and we don't want our readers to be confronted with irrelevant adverts.</li></ol>We are absolutely committed to protecting your privacy. Our policy can be summarised in one sentence: We will not share your information with any third-party (that is, any entity outside of Guinea Pig Magazine) without your prior consent. We have also established the following three principles:<ol><li>We will continue to invest in the best quality security available and do our utmost to protect user privacy.</li><li>We will not pass on any individual user details (including your e-mail address) unless we have your prior consent.</li><li>Otherwise, we will only share anonymous, aggregate statistics about our readers, sales and traffic patterns with our advertisers.</li></ol>
    <p>We collect some basic information from all of our registered readers. This includes your name, e-mail address, and post-code. We may also ask some further questions so we can gain a clearer understanding of our readers. This also enables us to personalise services for our readers. We collect data listing which of our pages are most frequently visited and by which types of readers.</p>
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageSectionHeading" value="#{msg.privacyFAQSectionHeading}" />
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageSubSectionHeading" value="How does Guinea Pig Magazine protect customer information?" />
    <p>We do our utmost to protect reader user privacy. To comply with UK Data Protection Legislation, we follow procedures in the storage and disclosure of information that you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access.</p>
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageSubSectionHeading" value="Why does Guinea Pig Magazine use cookies?" />
    <p>"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. They make it possible for us to identify registered readers without needing to ask for registration details every time you access one of our sites. Using cookies make accessing our site more convenient as you don't need to remember your username and password each time you enter.</p> 
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageSubSectionHeading" value="Will Guinea Pig Magazine disclose the information it collects to outside parties?" />
    <p>Guinea Pig Magazine will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to other companies outside of Guinea Pig Magazine unless you have given us your permission. With your permission we will only share the information with carefully chosen, reputable and trustworthy third parties. Also, Guinea Pig Magazine may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. Guinea Pig Magazine follows the relevant legal requirements and uses all reasonable precautions to ensure only responsible third parties see the information, however we are not responsible for any breach of security or any actions of any third parties who receive the information.</p>
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageSubSectionHeading" value="What if you change your policy in future?" />
    <p>Any changes to our policy will be posted here.</p>
  </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>