<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<ui:composition template="/templates/site.xhtml">
  <ui:param name="sitePageTitle" value="#{msg.termsPageTitle}" />
  <ui:define name="sitePageContent">
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageHeading" value="#{msg.termsPageHeading}" />
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageSectionHeading" value="#{msg.termsCancellationSectionHeading}" />
    <p>If you wish to cancel an order you must inform us in writing as soon as possible by sending an email to <h:outputLink value="mailto:alison@guineapigmagazine.com?subject=Order Cancellation">alison@guineapigmagazine.com</h:outputLink> with a subject heading of "Order Cancellation". Please include your Order ID number in this email. If we receive your order cancellation instruction before we have dispatched the goods to you, you shall be entitled to a full refund of the total order price minus the transaction fee we have incurred when we processed your payment. This transaction fee is typically around 3% of the total order price, though this figure is subject to change without notice and we cannot guarantee what this figure will be prior to receiving any individual order. The refund payment will be made in accordance with the Refunds section below. If we receive your order cancellation after we have dispatched your goods to you, then you may no longer cancel your order. However, you are entitled to return the goods to us in accordance with the Returns section below.</p>
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageSectionHeading" value="#{msg.termsReturnsSectionHeading}" />
    <p>We hope that you are delighted with your order. However, if for any reason you are not entirely satisfied, you may return any or all items in their original condition and packaging for a refund within 14 working days from delivery, subject to the following conditions. You must inform us of your intention to return the goods to us in writing within 7 days of receiving the goods by sending an email to <h:outputLink value="mailto:alison@guineapigmagazine.com?subject=Order Return">alison@guineapigmagazine.com</h:outputLink> with a subject heading of "Order Return". Please include your Order ID in this email, and clearly state your reasons for returning the goods to us. If you wish to return only part of the order then please also clearly state which items you wish to return. You must wait for our response by email before returning the goods. We may correspond with you by email to discuss the condition of the goods you wish to return. We will provide you with a Returns Form with a unique Returns Number when we have completed this process with you. You must complete and sign this Returns Form and include it with the package you return to us. You must return the goods to us by a registered/recorded delivery service (which requires a signature by the recipient) with suitable carriage insurance to the following address:</p>
    <pre>Returns
Guinea Pig Magazine
PO Box 4915
Chesterfield
S44 9BD
United Kingdom</pre>
    <p>We cannot accept damaged or lost returns, and reserve the right to refuse your return if you do not send it by registered/recorded mail. You must return the goods unused. All returned products must be in their original product packaging. If you have opened the product packaging, or you have damaged the packaging so that it cannot be reused, we reserve the right to provide you with a partial refund only. You must retain your original registered/recorded mail receipt in case we require proof of the return in the unlikely event that your return package does not reach us.</p>
    <h:outputText styleClass="pageSectionHeading" value="#{msg.termsRefundsSectionHeading}" />
    <p>Subject to your compliance with the Returns section above, if you are returning your goods because they were damaged in transit, or because the wrong products were delivered, or because the products delivered were materially different from what was described on the website when you purchased the products, then you shall be entitled to a refund of the full product price(s) of the returned product(s) and a refund of the full price of the original delivery charge. Subject to your compliance with the Returns section above, in all other circumstances you will be entitled to a refund of the full product price(s) of the returned product(s) minus the transaction fee we incurred when processing your online payment only. The original delivery charge will not be refunded. In no circumstances will you be refunded your cost of delivering the returned goods to us. Please note, if we reasonably believe the returned goods have been used you will not be entitled to a refund. You will be responsible for arranging for the delivery of your returned goods back to yourself within 28 days of our receipt of your returned goods. Your refund will be applied to the credit/debit card used to make the transaction within 24hrs of our acceptance of your returned goods.</p>
  </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>